update contirbuting guide (#12)
kubesaw/kubesaw.github.io: docs/contributing.md

This repository provides you multiple Makefile targets that you can use - it depends on which version of KubeSaw operators you want to install.

> NOTE:

Reviewer: NOTE:
Set the `DISABLE_KUBE_CLIENT_TLS_VERIFY` environment variable to `true` when the TLS connection to the cluster cannot be verified. For example: 
```
make appstudio-dev-deploy-latest DISABLE_KUBE_CLIENT_TLS_VERIFY=true
```

> NOTE:
> If the connection to the cluster requires you to manually set the `--insecure-skip-tls-verify=true`,
> you can do so when running any of the Makefile targets by setting the DISABLE_KUBE_CLIENT_TLS_VERIFY variable to true
> (for example: `make appstudio-dev-deploy-latest DISABLE_KUBE_CLIENT_TLS_VERIFY=true`).

Reviewer: ````suggestion
NOTE:
Set the `DISABLE_KUBE_CLIENT_TLS_VERIFY` environment variable to `true` when the TLS connection to the cluster cannot be verified (eg: when it uses a self-signed certificate). For example: 

```
make appstudio-dev-deploy-latest DISABLE_KUBE_CLIENT_TLS_VERIFY=true
```
````

Author: thanks for the suggestion @xcoulon , looks good to me. But unless I'm seeing it wrong, the example is missing .

Reviewer: Ah damn'it, I had issues with the UI when providing the suggestion on the lines 45 to 48, made some changes and lost the example along the way 🤦‍♂️ 
Let me fix that!

Author: no worries, thank you!
